return
### This "return" line prevents this file from being executed as a script


COMPLETION FILES README

This directory contains files that are automatically loaded by yash to set
completion options. When yash is completing an argument to a command and no
options are set for that command, the file with the matching name is loaded.
The file must be in a directory listed in the $YASH_COMPPATH variable.

Completion files that come with the yash distribution do not cover all
commands. If you wrote a completion file for a command, please send me at
magicant.starmen (at) nifty.com and I will add it to the distribution.

When you write a completion file, please follow these guidelines:

 * Use tabs, not spaces, for indenting. This saves file size. 

 * Only use ASCII printable characters in completion files to make them most
   portable.

 * Do not change any shell options, variables, etc. nor assume specific option
   settings. Variables used in a completion file must be marked as local using
   the "typeset" command.

 * When a completion file is loaded, it must not print anything to the
   terminal, or the terminal display will be messed up.

 * If the command's syntax is defined by some standard (such as POSIX),
   specify completion options according to the standard. And, if some
   implementation of the command provides non-standardized extensions, check
   if the extensions are available before specifying options for the
   extensions. See the completion file for the "ls" command to see how options
   are specified according to whether the GNU extensions are available.

 * Do not check if a shell's option is enabled to decide whether to define
   candidates that are available only when the option is enabled. The
   completion file is loaded only once, but the option may be changed later by
   the user.

 * The candidate description must be specified as the first words of a line
   using the short "-D" option (rather than the long "--description=..."
   version). This is required for the "xgettext" utility to find translatable
   descriptions from the script file. Use line continuation to make the
   description the first words of a line:

      complete -C foo -O x \
          -D 'blah blah blah'

   The description itself must be separated from the word "-D", which may be
   preceded by white spaces.

 * Descriptions should be brief and specific as much as possible.
   Currently, we provide descriptions for options, operands, and option
   arguments, but not for commands.
   Descriptions of the "--help" and "--version" options are normally not
   provided because their usage is obvious.
   (This guideline may be changed in the future.)

 * Obsolete (or deprecated) features should not be included as candidate.

 * When defining a function used for completion, it should be named with the
   "comp/" prefix. For example, function for the make command should be named
   "comp/make". If you have to define more functions for the command, use
   names such as "comp/make/foo".

 * If you want the shell to give no candidates, disabling the default filename
   completion, specify "comp/" as a dummy completion function:

      complete -C pwd -F comp/
